well it's just so nice having you here
without Stacey huh no not like that
I love Stacey it's just I don't know I
just feel I've got your back all to
myself just for tonight
there's my little prince my handsome
king and me in the middle the Duchess
have gone oh yeah here comes the cold
jester ah laughing alright I am that
Romeo done I should think so it's
gorgeous wait start till 4:00 I'll come
set in and wake up til are free why what
were you doing last night
playing rock band Rudy it's amazing
we're actually thinking about forming a
proper band a group I've done you dinner
sweetheart it's in the others you're
gonna you sure you don't wanna be
searched
no no early us online well I'm gonna get
a bath and a face pack ready for
tomorrow yeah we're clear this up it's a
shame you're not gonna be there smithy
at the wedding yeah well yeah he doesn't
feel right somehow are you gonna do with
yourself I'm gonna pick up Neil my boy
I'm gonna take no jungle gyms you know
the kids play centre Finkley young fer
Anthony mate no I checked out on Monday
they've got a little preschool bit you
know soft toys little train be nice
what pokey no darling you're fine
you